README.md, before:

# PHP OpenStreetMap Static API

PHP library to easily get static image from OpenStreetMap with markers and lines.

## ✨ Supporting

⭐ Star this repository to support this project. You will contribute to increase the visibility of this library 🙂

## Installation

Install this library easily with composer :

```cmd
composer require dantsu/php-osm-static-api
```

## How to use

Generate OpenStreetMap static image with marker and line :

```php
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\OpenStreetMap;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\LatLng;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Line;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Markers;

\header('Content-type: image/png');
(new OpenStreetMap(new LatLng(44.351933, 2.568113), 17, 600, 400))
    ->addMarkers(
        (new Markers(__DIR__ . '/resources/marker.png'))
            ->setAnchor(Markers::ANCHOR_CENTER, Markers::ANCHOR_BOTTOM)
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351933, 2.568113))
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351510, 2.570020))
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351873, 2.566250))
    )
    ->addLine(
        (new Line('FF0000', 2))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351172, 2.571092))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352097, 2.570045))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352665, 2.568107))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352887, 2.566503))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352806, 2.565972))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351517, 2.565672))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351172, 2.571092))
    )
    ->getImage()
    ->displayPNG();
```

![Exported OpenStreetMap image](./src/samples/resources/sample1.png)

## Documentation

| Class | Description |
|---    |---          |
| [BoundingBox](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/BoundingBox.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\BoundingBox define the bounding box of the static map.|
| [LatLng](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/LatLng.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\LatLng define latitude and longitude for map, lines, markers.|
| [Line](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/Line.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Line draw line on the map.|
| [Markers](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/Markers.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Markers display markers on the map.|
| [OpenStreetMap](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/OpenStreetMap.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\BoundingBox define the bounding box of the static map.|
| [XY](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/XY.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\XY define X and Y pixel position for map, lines, markers.|

## Contributing

Please fork this repository and contribute back using pull requests.

Any contributions, large or small, major features, bug fixes, are welcomed and appreciated but will be thoroughly reviewed.

Commit message:

Update README with tile server usage policy
Hey, great project! I researched the topic of static maps as well, thought about using this approach for a wordpress gutenberg block maybe.

During my research I stumbled about the fact, that Open Streetmap data is free for everyone to use, but tile servers are run by donations and have restrictions (It is also possible to setup own tile server or use commercial hosted services). 

Just added this line to make sure you give users all the necessary information on restrictions. :-) 

Best regards

README.md, after:

# PHP OpenStreetMap Static API

PHP library to easily get static image from OpenStreetMap with markers and lines.

## ✨ Supporting

⭐ Star this repository to support this project. You will contribute to increase the visibility of this library 🙂

## Installation

Install this library easily with composer :

```cmd
composer require dantsu/php-osm-static-api
```

## How to use

Generate OpenStreetMap static image with marker and line :

```php
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\OpenStreetMap;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\LatLng;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Line;
use \DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Markers;

\header('Content-type: image/png');
(new OpenStreetMap(new LatLng(44.351933, 2.568113), 17, 600, 400))
    ->addMarkers(
        (new Markers(__DIR__ . '/resources/marker.png'))
            ->setAnchor(Markers::ANCHOR_CENTER, Markers::ANCHOR_BOTTOM)
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351933, 2.568113))
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351510, 2.570020))
            ->addMarker(new LatLng(44.351873, 2.566250))
    )
    ->addLine(
        (new Line('FF0000', 2))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351172, 2.571092))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352097, 2.570045))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352665, 2.568107))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352887, 2.566503))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.352806, 2.565972))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351517, 2.565672))
            ->addPoint(new LatLng(44.351172, 2.571092))
    )
    ->getImage()
    ->displayPNG();
```

![Exported OpenStreetMap image](./src/samples/resources/sample1.png)

## Documentation

| Class | Description |
|---    |---          |
| [BoundingBox](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/BoundingBox.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\BoundingBox define the bounding box of the static map.|
| [LatLng](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/LatLng.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\LatLng define latitude and longitude for map, lines, markers.|
| [Line](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/Line.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Line draw line on the map.|
| [Markers](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/Markers.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\Markers display markers on the map.|
| [OpenStreetMap](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/OpenStreetMap.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\BoundingBox define the bounding box of the static map.|
| [XY](./docs/classes/DantSu/OpenStreetMapStaticAPI/XY.md) | DantSu\OpenStreetMapStaticAPI\XY define X and Y pixel position for map, lines, markers.|

This project uses the [Tile Server](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tile_servers) of the Open Streetmap Foundation which runs entirely on donated resources, see [Tile Usage Policy](https://operations.osmfoundation.org/policies/tiles/) for more information.

## Contributing

Please fork this repository and contribute back using pull requests.

Any contributions, large or small, major features, bug fixes, are welcomed and appreciated but will be thoroughly reviewed.
